{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Miss C----p, No. 2, _York-Street,\
       Middlesex-Hospital_.\
\
   Give me a nymph with all her charms,\
   A full grown nymph to fill my arms;\
   And leave to them that cannot feel,\
   The insipid things they call genteel.\
\
Strange it is, but not less strange than\
true, that Englishmen in general have a\
great itch for variety; and according to\
our promissary note in the preface, we\
here present them with one of the finest,\
fattest figures as fully finished for fun\
and frolick as fertile fancy ever formed;\
fraught with every melting charm that\
can be found in the field of Venus, for-\
tunate for the true lovers of fat, should\
fate throw them into the possession of\
such full grown. beauties. Can you\
conceive the lightest tints of an Italian\
sky? Such then her melting eye; can\
you figure to your imagination the swel-\
ling ripeness of two tempting cherries?\
such then her lips; though some might\
be led to imagine if they were a size less,\
they would be full as tempting. Can you\
place before your eyes, two beds of down\
for Cupids to sport on? Such then her\
breasts. Would you wish for an _ambush_,\
for some of their more wanton brothers\
to play at _hide_ and _seek_ in? Show them\
her Cyprian mounts. Have you a desire\
to roll in the loose luscious lap of lip-\
inviting luxury? _Spend_ an hour in her\
arms; that is, if Mr. C--tt--n should\
not be there first; he being so great a\
favourite, she is always denied when in\
his company. If not at home, she is to\
be found at any of the public hops, and\
in general with her favourite man, who\
we are told, won her first by virtue of his\
fiddle-stick, and has, since her first attach-\
ment, kept her in very good tune; if any\
of our readers wishes to try a tune with\
her, _he_ must pay for it; but she is not at\
all exorbitant in her demands, seldom\
wishing to turn money away.\
}