{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Mrs. Eliza W--bst--r, No. 13, _John-\
    Street, Yottenham Court Road_.\
\
   Fancy itself, e'en in enjoyment, is\
   But a dumb judge, and cannot tell its bliss.\
\
   Mrs. W--bst--r is the daughter of a\
gentleman, deceased, has received a good\
education, which she improves by an\
excellent natural understanding; her age\
is twenty-one, her figure tall, and every\
limb elegantly proportioned; she pos-\
sesses an agreeable face, but we will not\
flatter her by calling it a pretty one, be-\
ing too thinly formed to constitute beau-\
ty, and too much pitted with the small\
pox to be stiled handsome; still she\
commands a beautiful pair of dark eyes,\
which give a most pleasing, amorous\
expression to her whole countenance, and\
makes her, tho' not a pretty, still a very\
desirable girl; she possesses a lively and\
entertaining manner, with an affable dis-\
position, and refined, delicate sentiments,\
which has lately been much been abused\
by the brutality of her late keeper, Mr.\
K--d, well known at Garraway's cof-\
fee house, for the lowness of his birth,\
and still greater meanness of his senti-\
ments. He was some time since a corn-\
factor, but has now relinquished that,\
and nOw all his business, delight, and\
employment, seems to be that of perse-\
cuting Mrs. W----. In the course of\
last summer he arrested her for the pal-\
try sum a of twenty-five pounds, which,\
from the natural consequences of not\
paying immediately, amounted to sixty\
pounds, and upwards. Indeed, could\
the Whole conduct of this old r--l be\
summed up, it would be impossible to\
describe his cruelty to Mrs. W. which\
proceeds merely from his resolution not\
to live with a wretch, whose cruelty,\
and her own disposition, obliges her to\
despise. It is from such kind of usage\
as this that has taught Mrs. W. prudence\
and discretion in all her engagements\
with the men, nor will she ever admit a\
visitor to take any liberties, without first\
knowing the value he fits on her com-\
pany; and from the appearance which\
her present keeper enables her to make,\
she expects to be something consider-\
able.\
}