{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Mrs. D--d, No. 6, _Hind-court, Fleet\
             Street_.\
\
   ---------------------- O my soul,\
   Whither, whither art thou flying,\
   Lost in sweet tumultuous dying?\
   You tremble love, and so do I!\
   Ah! stay, and we'll together dye;\
   My soul shall take her flight with thine\
   Life dissolving in delight,\
   Heaving breasts and swimming sight,\
   Faultering speech and gasping breath,\
   Symptoms of delicious death;\
   My soul is ready for the flight.\
\
   This lady appeared some years ago, to\
our readers, under the name of Ogl--,\
but as we have frequently seen, that a\
girl, though young, may yet be very\
disagreeable, so we may conclude, from\
Mrs. D--d, that a woman in years may\
be perfectly alluring; she is, indeed,\
turned of forty, rather fat and\
short, yet she looks well, dresses neat,\
and can divide as smartly covered, and\
as neat a leg and foot as ever beat time\
to _the silent flute_; her temper and be-\
haviour are good, and if you are not soon\
disposed for the attack, she will shew you\
such a set of pictures, that very seldom\
fails to alarm the sleeping _member_. Then\
may you behold the _lovely fount_ of de-\
light, reared on two pillars of monu-\
menatal alabaster; the symmetry of its\
parts, its _borders_ enriched with _wavering\
tendrils_, its _ruby portals_, and the _tufted\
grove_, that crowns the summit of the\
mount, all join to invite the guest to\
enter. The cordial reception he meets\
therein, with the tide of _flowing bliss_,\
more delicious than the boasted nectar\
of the gods, engulph the raptured soul,\
and set the lovely owner of the premisses,\
above nine tenths of the green gew-\
gaws that flutter about the town. If\
discipline forms the soldier in the wars\
of Mars, experience finishes the female\
combatant in the skirmishes of Venus.\
That experience this lady has,and is\
perfectly skilled in every delightful\
manoeuvre, knowing how to keep time,\
when to advance and retreat, to face to\
the right or left, and when to _shower_\
down a whole _volley_ of _love_; so that those\
who are vanquished by her glory in their\
defeat, pant only for returning vigour to\
renew the combat; she is perfectly\
mistress in the art of restoring life, and\
performs the tender friction with a hand\
soft as turtles down. Keeps the house,\
and after giving you a whole night's en-\
tertainment, is perfectly satisfyed, and\
will give you a comfortable cup of tea in\
the morning, for one pound one.\
}