{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Mrs. H--w--rd, No. 14, _Moor's-place,\
	Lambeth_.\
\
   Her brows are arch'd, and rather full and thin,\
   To shade the dazzling light that dwells therein.\
\
   Although Mrs. H--w--rd cannot be\
more than twenty-six, she has been a true\
sportswoman, at the cyprian games, for\
at least twelve years, and has within these\
late ones contracted such an habit of in-\
timacy with the gin bottle, that unless a\
person is particularly partial to it, it is al-\
most intolerable, to approach her. At\
Brighton, this last season, she was the fa-\
vourite girl at Mrs.John--n's, and had she\
not, through a foolish fondness, gave the\
preference to her dear Mr. Sn--m,\
it is in general believed Mr. W----, the\
capital Brewer, would have taken her\
under his own protection; she is rather too\
short, and too fat, fine dark hair; and\
eyes and eye-brows that answer very well\
to her motto; the _grove_ below is _well\
thatched_, and ample enough in size to _take\
in_ any guest; but still she has learnt the\
knack of _contracting_ it, and a small made\
gentleman may feel the tender friction.\
When she elopes from her dear fellow,\
she is to be met with at Mrs. J--ns--n's,\
in German-street, and does not turn\
away any money offered her.}