{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Mrs. N--t--n, No. 12, _Suffolk-street,\
         Cavendish-Square_.\
\
   The blooming looks of spring, and lovely red\
   As opening roses, on her cheeks are spread;\
   Her eyes that sparkle like the stars above,\
   Appear the armory and throne of love,\
   Whilst thousands of alluring graces Wait,\
   And mingling charms form love's triumphant\
       state.\
\
   This lady is tolerably handsome, with\
a fine dark durable complexion, fine\
hazel eyes and good teeth, which, by a\
perpetual smile, or rather grin, she has\
acquired a very convenient knack of\
shewing; she is tall, and the goodness of\
her temper and disposition render her a\
very agreeable companion and makes\
her at present much sought after. We\
hear the first toast she drinks every day is\
to the health of Mr. N----, a gentle-\
man of the law, whose name she has\
taken the liberty of substituting for her\
own; she has not yet been a year on the\
town, yet has done great execution\
amongst the tender hearts of the men of\
the _ton_, many of which she has kindled\
into a flame. She is as fond of variety\
as any _baronet_'s lady, and will display her\
naked beauties to any curious observer,\
without giving them the trouble to\
mount On any other _man's shoulder_ to take\
a peep at them.	She is very tall, and\
the _pit_ in her black heath is said to have\
a considerable profundity, and has baff-\
led the art of many a gauger to take it\
precisely with the best dipping rules; yet\
though the attempt has been unsuccessful,\
it hath not been undelightful, for the\
passage being straight much pleasure has\
been derived by the _gauger_, during which\
pleasing pastime\
\
   A gentle warmth invades her glowing breast,\
   And while she fondly gazes on thy face,\
   Ev'n thought is lost in exquisite delights;\
\
and she is so generous, that as she knows\
the hours of love are but short, she always\
fills up every moment of them with rap-\
ture. She well knows how to wind the\
_clock_ of nature up to the _highest pitch_, and\
make the _human pendulum_ vibrate to ex-\
tasy; nay, she can so well fill up what\
the Poet calls the _dull pause of joy_, that its\
duration is scarce perceiv'd, and she beats\
an almost instantaneous alarm to blissful\
repetition.}