{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Madam D--sl--z, No. 46, _Frith-street,\
              Soho_.\
\
   Si javois pour heritage,\
      Le tresor le plus charmant,\
   je vous en donnerois en gage,\
      Et mon coeur pour un present.\
\
   It is only six months that this lady has\
left her native country, and at present\
speaks very little English. She is young\
and lively, (but still does not seem to\
possess so much vivacity as the majority\
of her countrywomen;) she loves to\
revenge her countrymen's cause on the\
English, by doing what the most valor-\
ous Frenchman would never effect, that\
is, to bring Britons on their knees; she\
is now about twenty two, rather short\
and fat, with a plump face, and such a\
roguish lear in her eye, that cannot be\
resisted. Several of our brave officers\
have spent some of their _best blood_ in her\
service, and regretted they had no more\
to _shed_. Her lovely dark hair seems like\
a net to catch lovers, and her lower tend-\
rils, which sport on her alabaster mount\
of Venus, are formed to give delight. She\
has one qualification which many English\
girls want, which is a certain cleanliness\
in the Netherlands. They are contented\
to wash their faces, necks, and hands;\
but Mademoiselle, like many of her\
countrywomen, thinks that not enough;\
she performs constant ablutions on the\
gulph of pleasure, and keeps it constantly\
fresh, cool, and clean, never putting\
a morsel into that mouth, till she has\
fully absterged every possible remnant of\
the last meal. She constantly mounts\
her _bidet_, and with a large sponge laves\
the whole extent of the parish of the\
mother of all saints. Some may, perhaps,\
think her a female spy, or a smuggler;\
but surely a girl, who so freely discloses\
her own secrets, can have no improper\
aim at those of government; and her\
commodity cannot be pronounced as\
contraband when it hath so often been\
duly entered.\
\
She dresses quite in the French stile\
and taste, lays on a profusion of rouge\
and pearl powder, and is not particularly\
partial to money, but will condescend to\
take a couple of guineas, _not as payment,\
but solely as 'une gage d'amour_.\
}