<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8">
<!-- Translation from RTF performed by UnRTF, version 0.21.10 -->
<!--font table contains 1 fonts total-->
</head>
<body><font face="Courier"><span style="font-size:13pt"><font color="#000000">Mrs. Eliza W--bst--r, No. 13, _John-<br>
 Street, Yottenham Court Road_.<br>
<br>
 Fancy itself, e'en in enjoyment, is<br>
 But a dumb judge, and cannot tell its bliss.<br>
<br>
 Mrs. W--bst--r is the daughter of a<br>
gentleman, deceased, has received a good<br>
education, which she improves by an<br>
excellent natural understanding; her age<br>
is twenty-one, her figure tall, and every<br>
limb elegantly proportioned; she pos-<br>
sesses an agreeable face, but we will not<br>
flatter her by calling it a pretty one, be-<br>
ing too thinly formed to constitute beau-<br>
ty, and too much pitted with the small<br>
pox to be stiled handsome; still she<br>
commands a beautiful pair of dark eyes,<br>
which give a most pleasing, amorous<br>
expression to her whole countenance, and<br>
makes her, tho' not a pretty, still a very<br>
desirable girl; she possesses a lively and<br>
entertaining manner, with an affable dis-<br>
position, and refined, delicate sentiments,<br>
which has lately been much been abused<br>
by the brutality of her late keeper, Mr.<br>
K--d, well known at Garraway's cof-<br>
fee house, for the lowness of his birth,<br>
and still greater meanness of his senti-<br>
ments. He was some time since a corn-<br>
factor, but has now relinquished that,<br>
and nOw all his business, delight, and<br>
employment, seems to be that of perse-<br>
cuting Mrs. W----. In the course of<br>
last summer he arrested her for the pal-<br>
try sum a of twenty-five pounds, which,<br>
from the natural consequences of not<br>
paying immediately, amounted to sixty<br>
pounds, and upwards. Indeed, could<br>
the Whole conduct of this old r--l be<br>
summed up, it would be impossible to<br>
describe his cruelty to Mrs. W. which<br>
proceeds merely from his resolution not<br>
to live with a wretch, whose cruelty,<br>
and her own disposition, obliges her to<br>
despise. It is from such kind of usage<br>
as this that has taught Mrs. W. prudence<br>
and discretion in all her engagements<br>
with the men, nor will she ever admit a<br>
visitor to take any liberties, without first<br>
knowing the value he fits on her com-<br>
pany; and from the appearance which<br>
her present keeper enables her to make,<br>
she expects to be something consider-<br>
able.<br>
</font></span></font></body>
</html>
